hey guys welcome to lingo marina today
is a very important class I'm gonna
teach you how to introduce yourself and
maybe you think well this is easy I just
say hi my name is marina I'm 29 years
old I am from Russia and then that's it
but actually no in my videos I like to
cover cultural aspects I like to cover
the context like if you're reaching out
to somebody on Instagram you wouldn't do
this you wouldn't feel like hi my name
is Mary and I'm 29 years old
you would adapt your introduction to
whatever is happening around you so in
this video I'm gonna teach you phrases
and I'm gonna teach you some cultural
things that you should consider when
you're meeting people abroad when you're
talking to native speakers when you're
reaching out to people and trying to
make new friends so if you're interested
continue watching this video
my task for you right now is to take an
exercise book and when I'll be giving
you phrases I want you to create at
least four introductions of yourself
number one the introduction that you
would use for a party like if you're at
a party with native speakers how would
you introduce yourself the second one is
an introduction that is more formal for
example at work or at the university or
maybe you're just talking to colleagues
three introduction in your email if
you're writing for work and for
introduction for Instagram for example
if you're reaching out to me on
Instagram how you would introduce
yourself by the way rule number one for
all introductions you have to be
interesting for example you're at a
party everyone is having fun
music is loud people are eating they
want to you know dance communicate and
what you do you're like hi my name is
marina I'm from Russia I live in San
Francisco since 2016 I've run three
channels I have a company and the person
who's listening to you is already bored
he's like oh my god what is she doing so
always always think about the context
like if I'm at a party and I want to
approach somebody I would be like hey my
name is marina I'm a youtuber and I have
over a million followers and that's it
and the next thing I would do I would
ask that person something else because
the whole purpose of introducing
yourself is to start a conversation not
to make somebody super bored from the
start if we're talking about an email
you would not start your email like hey
my name is marina McGill Cole because
hello marina McGill Co is what your
email says already there is no need to
waste somebody's time and reintroduce
yourself on the other hand you can say
hey this
Maryna from this company this is marina
we met at a party yesterday like give
them some context no need to like
reintroduce herself again no need to
mention your first name and last name if
it's already in your email that's enough
so again now I'm gonna give you phrases
and you're gonna write them down to your
four different introductions but please
please make sure you're always in the
context you always know what's happening
and by the way if you learn those
introductions by heart it's gonna be
really easy for you I know sometimes at
school you have this big topic like
introducing yourself or like my life and
it's always this big no need to go that
way it should be small it should be
short and it should be interesting and
exciting so when you're meeting somebody
the first thing you say is hello super
formal right what is super formal hello
good evening good morning good afternoon
if you want to be more informal you can
say hey hi
or what's up this is all very informal
and then you're stating your name
normally what would say I am marina you
can also say my name is marina if it's
informally like hey I'm marina nice to
meet you if you are on the phone you can
say hey hello this is marina speaking I
would like to talk to John from
marketing department or you can just say
hey marina speaking can I please talk to
John by the way if you feel that you
need more practice if you feel that you
need a boost to your English language
skills I'm very happy to say that lingo
des is supporting this video and has
been supporting this channel for a while
and they're launching another sprint in
English they used to call it marathon
but they have decided to start calling
it sprint because you know it's very
intensive it's it lasts for three months
but if you follow the schedule you get
up to 100 percent refund I've already
shared information about these marathons
in my previous videos and I'm getting a
lot of comments from you guys
thanking me for giving you this
opportunity to practice your English and
any of you practicing it for free the
Sprint starts on January 7th 2020 and
lasts until April 5th 2020 you have to
participate in an agreed number of group
classes each month to succeed there is
30 classes for super sprint and 15
classes for Sprint you can take only one
class per day every day and by the way
you can join the sprint in English
German Spanish French and business
English it doesn't matter what level
you're at right now there are courses
for every single level beginner
intermediate advanced you need to sign
up for the sprint before December 19th
which sounds like a great new year's
resolution there is a 49 your deposit to
secure your spot and it will be taken
off your first month of payment and by
the way if you successfully complete the
sprint this forty nine your deposit will
be returned to you over twenty thousand
students have already participated so
this is your chance to improve your
English language skills and by the way
because you're watching this video
please use my promo code sprint 19 to
get ten years off of your initial
payment of that 49 euro
deposit if you want to hear more stories
of other students about the sprint check
on gotas Instagram now let's continue to
the class so remember at the beginning
of this video I told you that you should
be interesting and you should be within
the context so if you're at a party
mention your hobby
so after mentioning your name maybe
mention your hobby or what you do if you
are in a formal situation then mention
what you're doing for a living I work
for a company acts I've been working for
them for five years or if you're in the
NACA demmick environment I am doing my
MBA right now I am in my fourth year of
bachelors program I am just about to
graduate from a university so all of
those phrases will help you get into
context and will help other people learn
more about you something that is
relevant to the situation then if you
feel that you're an international
environment where people come from
different backgrounds you can also
mention where you're from I am
originally from Russia but I've been
living in San Francisco since 2016 or
you can say I was born and raised in
Italy but I moved to the United States
two years ago or I can just say I grew
up in France the next thing I know it's
cool they teach us to mention our age
and sometimes you have this topics like
a lot of information about you and
somewhere at the beginning you're say
I'm 20 years old I'm 25 years old in
Western cultures we don't really talk
about age like that only if you're asked
and you normally ask that a doctor's
appointment or somewhere we need to fill
in a questionnaire because there are a
lot of discrimination laws like
discriminating by age and stuff which is
prohibited so people don't really talk
about their age at all only if you're
asked so don't do that don't do like hey
my name is Marie and I'm 29 years old
because it sounds a little weird it
sounds a little off people don't really
mention their age but again if you're
asked the standard phrase I'm 29 years
old
please remember the rule that you don't
have to say too much sometimes I did
team's DMS is a direct message on
Instagram and I get them like that hey
my name is Paula I'm from Lithuania I
have been studying mathematics since
2016 I'm doing this this and that
I'm originally from Croatia but I moved
to the city and I'm like wow what is
this person for me and there's some
somewhere in between there's like a
question but because there's so much
information I just don't have time to
read it all same goes for emails if
you're writing an email
please be short and be concise in one of
your templates it's like your email or a
DM direct message on Instagram keep it
short you don't need to reintroduce
yourself if your tag is already saying
your name you can say hey I've been
following you for a couple of years want
to ask a question do you do this this
enough that's it really easy to read and
it's a really nice way to introduce
yourself through a DM
the modern email hey this is marina from
linguae trip I was wondering if you do
this this is it thank you now let's go
back to remembering why we're doing all
of this we're doing all of this to build
a relationship so when you've done
introducing yourself
I would ask something that it would
provoke another person to reply like hey
my name is Reena I'm a youtuber
do you watch anyone on YouTube do you
like YouTube this is a conversation
starter and the person be like oh yeah
my god I love kasenyi you like you start
this conversation or if you're in an
academic environment you're like I'm
graduating from my bachelor's program
and I was writing about global warming
by the way do you know that I don't know
in 20 years have San Francisco be
underwater I'm not sure I'm just
mentioning that hope you would be like
what oh my god really
and then you started conversate you know
they wouldn't be so happy about it
probably but this is the way you start a
conversation so always think about a
follow-up question make a person
interested have a person talk about
themselves you can ask them on what do
you do we'll brought you to this event I
will brought you to San Francisco so do
that start this conversation body
language is also very important thing to
remember
invest in cultures we shake hands even
if you're two women even if you're a man
grid and a woman you would shake her
hand please don't do like hand kissing
or kissing on the cheek this is not
really common what is common though is
hugging people and I'm surprised
sometimes my friends introduced me to
their friends and I'm seeing this
people's the first time and they're like
oh hey marina nice to meet you and they
hug me like wow that's super cool or
you've been talking to a person for five
minutes and you finish conversation by
hugging each other this is a really
Western I know maybe this is very San
Francisco California people are so
friendly here but yeah
Smyly maintaining eye contact shaking
hands hugging people if it's informal
this is totally okay to do and yeah
always remember about the cultural
context it's impolite to ask about
politics religion age marital status
it seems a little weird since a little
off sometimes so make sure you know
what's happening in a culture that
you're interacting in that was it for me
guys thank you so much for watching this
video up to the very end if you enjoyed
it please like it I hope you did your
homework or at least you're gonna do it
now and create your own introductions
that you can alert my heart because it's
gonna make your conversation skills a
lot better and it will help you the next
time you meet a native speaker instead
of being nervous you'd be like oh I know
this I know how to introduce myself and
thank you so much and I will see you in
the next videos bye bye